as part of your results boosting
recovery workout you're going to be
doing a exercise called the bird dog and
so this is actually going to be on all
fours core stabilization again you'll be
keeping that core nice and stable and
all they're gonna do is keeping those
toes tucked underneath and stomach tight
you're just gonna lift one arm up one
leg up so you're going to opposite arm
opposite leg that arm should come right
up next to your ear keeping that core
stable so you don't wanna lose it where
you're letting that hip come up keep it
nice and stable and then lower it back
down then you're gonna switch other side
keep the core stable and lift and you
can notice that my foot is flexed and my
thumb is up to the ceiling so we're
lifting opposite arm opposite leg
keeping the head straight the core
stable lowering back down you're just
gonna repeat alternating one side and
then the other side
so as part of your results boosting
recovery workout you're gonna do a hip
flexor stretch hip flexors are one of
the most commonly tight muscle groups
because a lot of people spend a lot of
time sitting all day long so you're
gonna get into basically as if you could
just lower yourself down from the lunge
and you're gonna be on the floor toe
tucked underneath and you're just gonna
push your hip forward thinking about
squeezing this back butt cheek okay
chest is up tall hands on your on your
head and you're just gonna lunge forward
and feel that nice stretch in that back
hip flexor so you're gonna take your
time you're gonna hold that for 30
seconds and then you can release it and
you're gonna do it on the other side so
you can go back and forth and just
stretch out that hip flexor a nice tall
chest and really stretch out that front
of that leg and really think about
squeezing that back butt cheek as you're
stretching it
the next exercise is a wall slide this
is part of your results boosting
recovery workout you're just gonna use a
wall go ahead and place yourself back
against the wall you're gonna walk your
feet just about you know a couple inches
away from the wall so you can go ahead
place yourself against the wall hands
are gonna be right to your sides
and the key is is just to find in that
spot where you have nice neutral spine
and your your body is touching the wall
and the key is keeping those arms you're
gonna keep those arms right along the
wall and reach them all the way up
towards the ceiling and as you do that
not to arch that back off the wall
anymore you want to keep it pushes back
against the wall and then bring those
arms back down so we're working on
reaching all the way up really working
on that range of motion and then
bringing those arms back down and that
entire time keeping your body right up
against that wall
so the double hip extension is part of
your results results boosting recovery
workout and you're going to be lying
flat on your back you're gonna have your
palms face up lying back weight should
be on your heels and you're just gonna
think about squeezing your glutes up so
you're driving up to the ceiling and
then lowering back down now you don't
want to go too high or you start to
hyperextend you really thinking about
getting a nice straight line through
your shoulders right to your knees and
that core is tight squeezing your glutes
irons and farms are externally rotated
and then lowering back down you're just
going to repeat that up and down for the
number of repetitions for your results
boosting recovery workout
this next exercise is bent over reach
for the sky alternating back and forth
so you're gonna be bent over nice flat
back stomachs tight
I think about engaging your glutes and
weights kind of rough back onto your
heels a nice flat back and you're gonna
go ahead and reach one arm as you rotate
up to the ceiling keep your eyes on your
hands and then lower back down and
you're going to repeat other side of the
rotate back down you're just gonna
repeat back and forth for the number of
repetitions and that's in your results
boosting recovery workout
so this next exercise is a stretch its
going to stretch your hips and it's
basically called the 9090 because you're
gonna see a 90-degree angle here to make
a degree angle here so what you want to
think about is getting yourself up and
over on that front leg and it's really
from the hip so I want you to think
about bending from the hips and you're
just gonna bend forward reaching those
hands over that front leg keeping that
chest nice and tall over the front leg
it's not about rounding over it's
actually about keeping that chest up and
stretching you'll feel a stretch in this
glute right here so just walking forward
and hold that stretch
and then you're gonna switch and do the
other side so I hope you enjoy the one
month two muscles program and really get
a lot out of it I really take the time
to do the repetitions that I laid out
for you and increase the intensity every
time that the repetitions go down so
you're really changing the weights
really putting a new demand on your body
and challenging yourself to something
that you're not used to so that your
body will change and at the end of that
definitely if you want to pick up the
female body breakthrough that would give
you some guidance that's my book that
has a 16 week program in it to really
lead you on the path to continue your
progress and in the meantime if you want
to check out more about me my name is
rachel cosgrove and then go to rachel
cosgrove com
Juma's results Fitness which is that
results - fitness calm thank you very
much everybody and train hard and stay
focused
you